Finer reference trace (#325)
vhive-serverless/invitro: docs/loader.md

There are a couple of constants that should not be exposed to the users. They can be examined and changed
in `pkg/common/constants.go`.

> We suggest at most 5 functions per core with SMT disabled. For example, 80 functions for 16-core node. If you increase function instance longer than that, trace replaying will start to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sample sizes appropriate for performance evaluation vary depending on the platform. 
As a starting point for fine-tuning, we suggest at most 5 functions per core with SMT disabled. 
For example, 80 functions for a 16-core node. With larger sample sizes, trace replaying may lead to failures in function invocations.
```
